Reading, do you know what medicine is?
Go away and don't make trouble here
It's not a heart attack at all
This is clearly poisoned, you white-eyed wolf
Are you trying to kill the master?
Mom
What the hell is going on?
What happened to my dad?
Your dad's having a heart attack
I gave him medicine
This bastard stole the medicine
He clearly wants your father's life.
My dad is in danger
Why don't you let him take medicine?
This is poison.
It's not a heart attack at all
This medicine is out of the medicine, you will die if you take it.
I'll show the national uniform.
Yes, yes, let the commissar
The commissar is a medical doctor
Show him to your father
Uncle's current situation
It's consistent with heart disease.
You should take the medicine immediately.
Give it to me.
Get out of the way, good dog
Wang Shuting, who is proficient in medicine at night supper
Daughter's heart disease is cured by supper